yes a here we go to wave ocean pursue
the egg carrier wait until screen loads
hot damn I think I'm gonna go insane
just by a little tunnel Oh finally you
really have to her to say that broad
okay everybody's complaint which I
actually agree with all ready to start a
state sonic runs slow controls our shit
t same problems with the 360 is this in
the ps3 version like I said you would
think since this version was leased
later the problems will be fixed but I
think I rented some more different
glitches in this version than the 360
for some reason or maybe it's just me I
don't know
yay okay
almost famous amount of spring save me
usually hit the dash on panels don't
touch anything just let it run by itself
until you stop with that shit even be
I really don't like the way they put
your tails in this game he's a lot
slower tomb and they gave it a dumbest
attack in history that dummy ring snake
but when he's in the air you flies too
damn fast you can hardly control them at
times oh boy
let's speed this up
Brody
hello no one told you to jump on that
finger that damn well so fuck you Sonic
well the switch is right here I could've
got hit by those robots honestly I don't
care
here comes everybody the most favorite
delicious part of any sonicstage the
mach speed section
darn we're not gonna make it let's meet
up
okay got running what okay what the fuck
that I just face through let's try that
again gotten one up it wants to put it
it grabbed the one up in order just to
lose it oh it made me lose rings that
time oh my god this is bullshit
don't think I like about this right now
is the music track of it that's it right
now sign it dashing like a fucking
maniac of course I made a tree doesn't
surprise me anymore
that was retarded you know what fuck it
I just keep going okay I got no rings
this is not good Hannah rings got the
Rings wait a minute what's the goal ring
uh-huh what what just what the fuck just
happened just made it I didn't see the
goal ring okay that was really weird and
retarded
it looks like the princess was moved to
another location let's head back to the
city yeah you go that way I'll go that
way for some weird reason yeah
I just got no comment what just happened
the whole stage was more glitzed up than
I remembered someone I made out would it
be okay whatever but you know what next
time we go to the next area which is
dusty desert I see you later